c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\FakturyMVC.dll.config
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\FakturyMVC.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\FakturyMVC.pdb
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\obj\Debug\FakturyMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\obj\Debug\FakturyMVC.dll
c:\users\mirek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\obj\Debug\FakturyMVC.pdb
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\FakturyMVC.dll.config
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\FakturyMVC.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\FakturyMVC.pdb
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\obj\Debug\FakturyMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\obj\Debug\FakturyMVC.dll
C:\Users\Mirek\repo\dotnetprojekt\app\FakturyMVC\FakturyMVC\obj\Debug\FakturyMVC.pdb
